 A sample was sequenced by both PCR and a modified shotgun approach (RT).
 The RT data showed much more diversity, and we wondered if that could 
 be due to the primers missing certain groups. To find that out, we make
 a taxonomic overview of how well the primer sites fit: align the query 
 sequences against the best-matching database sequences, and if that 
 alignment includes the forward and/or reverse primer site, the number 
 of mismatches, insertions and deletions are measured and saved. Those 
 numbers are mapped to a taxonomy and numers + taxonomy are saved 
 as a table. In more detail, the steps done are, in sequence:
 
 * Find the reference sequence in the alignment that we know the primer
   matches well with.

 * Use that reference sequence to determine alignment coordinates of the
   primer match. We can then get the coordinates in any sequence where 
   primers are supposed to match (assuming the alignment is right).

 * Create a list of pairs of [ query id, [ best matching db ids ] ],
   reading from the simrank match file. That tells which sequences must
   be aligned.

 * For all the best matching db ids, create a lookup dictionary of 
   forward and reverse primer matches in sequence numbering. Then we 
   know which db-sequence regions to check for overlap with.

 * Extract a table of taxonomy strings from the RDP genbank distribution
   file. Index it with Kyoto Cabinet, so we can pull out strings at
   random.

 * Align each query sequence with its best matching db sequence(s).

 * If this alignment completely overlaps either forward or reverse primer
   locations, then measure the number of mismatches, insertions and 
   deletions.

 * Pull out the taxonomy strings for the best-matching db sequences.

 * Write a taxonomy table with these columns from left to right, where
   F- and R- means forward and reverse primer,
 
   F-mdi   Number of primer mismatches, deletions and insertions
   F-mis   Number of primers with m+d+i > 0
   F-ovl   Number of sequences that overlap forward primer region
   R-mdi   - same for reverse -
   R-mis   - same for reverse - 
   R-ovl   - same for reverse - 
   Alis    Number of sequences that align with closest DB hit
   DB hits Number of sequences that match the DB with simrank
   Taxonomy string
 
 For more detail, see the code. 
